reporting/outputs/moved_codes_report.md, before:

# Moved ICD-10 Codes Report

**Generated**: 2026-01-13 16:32:35

## Summary

**25 projects** are affected by ICD-10 code movement between different editions.

### Affected Projects:

- `COMPARES-vaccines`
- `ckd-healthcare-use`
- `comparative-booster`
- `covid-vaccine-history`
- `deaths-at-home-covid19`
- `disparities-comparison`
- `end-of-life-carequality`
- `hdruk-os-covid-paeds`
- `isaric-exploration`
- `metformin_covid`
- `openprompt-vaccine-long-covid`
- `post-admission-admissions-research`
- `post-covid-cvd-methods-redux`
- `post-covid-gastrointestinal`
- `post-infection-outcomes`
- `prophy_effects_Sotro_Molnup`
- `representativeness`
- `tocilizumab_and_sarilumab`
- `tpp-code-counts`
- `unknown-codes-investigation`
- `vaccination-data-quality`
- `vaccinesWinterPressures`
- `vax-fourth-dose-RD`
- `winter-pressures`
- `winter_pressures_inequalities`

---

## COMPARES-vaccines

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## ckd-healthcare-use

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## comparative-booster

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## covid-vaccine-history

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## deaths-at-home-covid19

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## disparities-comparison

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## end-of-life-carequality

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## hdruk-os-covid-paeds

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.


## isaric-exploration

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## metformin_covid

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## openprompt-vaccine-long-covid

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.


## post-admission-admissions-research

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.


## post-covid-cvd-methods-redux

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.


## post-covid-gastrointestinal

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.


## post-infection-outcomes

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## prophy_effects_Sotro_Molnup

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## representativeness

**U10** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## tocilizumab_and_sarilumab

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## tpp-code-counts

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.

**U11, U119** - Need for immunization against COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U076) in the HES APCS data. U076 has occurred 2480 times.

**U12, U129** - COVID-19 vaccines causing adverse effects in therapeutic use: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U077) in the HES APCS data. U077 has occurred 8360 times.


## unknown-codes-investigation

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## vaccination-data-quality

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## vaccinesWinterPressures

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## vax-fourth-dose-RD

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## winter-pressures

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## winter_pressures_inequalities

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.

Commit message:

Add project number and name to reports

reporting/outputs/moved_codes_report.md, after:

# Moved ICD-10 Codes Report

**Generated**: 2026-01-20 13:10:53

## Summary

**25 projects** are affected by ICD-10 code movement between different editions.

### Affected Projects:

| Project # | Project Name | Repository |
|-----------|-------------|-----------|
|  |  | [COMPARES-vaccines](https://github.com/opensafely/COMPARES-vaccines) |
| 171 | [Healthcare needs for people with chronic kidney disease in the COVID-19 era (Project continuation of approved project no 137)](https://jobs.opensafely.org/healthcare-needs-for-people-with-chronic-kidney-disease-in-the-covid-19-era-project-continuation-of-approved-project-no-137) | [ckd-healthcare-use](https://github.com/opensafely/ckd-healthcare-use) |
| 61 | [COVID-19 Vaccine Effectiveness](https://jobs.opensafely.org/covid-19-vaccine-effectiveness) | [comparative-booster](https://github.com/opensafely/comparative-booster) |
| 174 | [ECHO -  Evaluation of Covid-19 vaccine Histories using OpenSAFELY](https://jobs.opensafely.org/echo-evaluation-of-covid-19-vaccine-histories-using-opensafely) | [covid-vaccine-history](https://github.com/opensafely/covid-vaccine-history) |
| 34 | [Deaths at home during COVID-19](https://jobs.opensafely.org/deaths-at-home-during-covid-19) | [deaths-at-home-covid19](https://github.com/opensafely/deaths-at-home-covid19) |
| 176 | [Comparing Disparities in RSV, Influenza and Covid-19](https://jobs.opensafely.org/comparing-disparities-in-rsv-influenza-and-covid-19) | [disparities-comparison](https://github.com/opensafely/disparities-comparison) |
| 34 | [Deaths at home during COVID-19](https://jobs.opensafely.org/deaths-at-home-during-covid-19) | [end-of-life-carequality](https://github.com/opensafely/end-of-life-carequality) |
| 9 | [Impact of covid-19 on long-term healthcare use and costs in children and young people](https://jobs.opensafely.org/impact-of-covid-19-on-long-term-healthcare-use-and-costs-in-children-and-young-people) | [hdruk-os-covid-paeds](https://github.com/opensafely/hdruk-os-covid-paeds) |
| 154 | [Validation of ISARIC / SUS / PHOSP data for COVID-related hospital admissions](https://jobs.opensafely.org/validation-of-isaric-sus-phosp-data-for-covid-related-hospital-admissions) | [isaric-exploration](https://github.com/opensafely/isaric-exploration) |
| 175 | [Implications of metformin for Long COVID](https://jobs.opensafely.org/implications-of-metformin-for-long-covid) | [metformin_covid](https://github.com/opensafely/metformin_covid) |
| 149 | [Descriptive cohort analysis of Long COVID and vaccination status](https://jobs.opensafely.org/descriptive-cohort-analysis-of-long-covid-and-vaccination-status) | [openprompt-vaccine-long-covid](https://github.com/opensafely/openprompt-vaccine-long-covid) |
| 45 | [Post-COVID-19 Re-admissions](https://jobs.opensafely.org/post-covid-19-re-admissions) | [post-admission-admissions-research](https://github.com/opensafely/post-admission-admissions-research) |
| 12 | [Investigating events following SARS-CoV-2 infection](https://jobs.opensafely.org/investigating-events-following-sars-cov-2-infection) | [post-covid-cvd-methods-redux](https://github.com/opensafely/post-covid-cvd-methods-redux) |
| 12 | [Investigating events following SARS-CoV-2 infection](https://jobs.opensafely.org/investigating-events-following-sars-cov-2-infection) | [post-covid-gastrointestinal](https://github.com/opensafely/post-covid-gastrointestinal) |
| 172 | [Impact and inequalities of winter pressures in primary care: providing the evidence base for mitigation strategies](https://jobs.opensafely.org/impact-and-inequalities-of-winter-pressures-in-primary-care-providing-the-evidence-base-for-mitigation-strategies) | [post-infection-outcomes](https://github.com/opensafely/post-infection-outcomes) |
| 91 | [Coverage, effectiveness and safety of neutralising monoclonal antibodies or antivirals for non-hospitalised patients with COVID-19](https://jobs.opensafely.org/coverage-effectiveness-and-safety-of-neutralising-monoclonal-antibodies-or-antivirals-for-non-hospitalised-patients-with-covid-19) | [prophy_effects_Sotro_Molnup](https://github.com/opensafely/prophy_effects_Sotro_Molnup) |
| 25 | [TPP representativeness](https://jobs.opensafely.org/tpp-representativeness) | [representativeness](https://github.com/opensafely/representativeness) |
| 177 | [Effectiveness and safety of COVID-19 treatments for hospitalised patients](https://jobs.opensafely.org/effectiveness-and-safety-of-covid-19-treatments-for-hospitalised-patients) | [tocilizumab_and_sarilumab](https://github.com/opensafely/tocilizumab_and_sarilumab) |
|  | [OpenSAFELY Internal](https://jobs.opensafely.org/opensafely-internal) | [tpp-code-counts](https://github.com/opensafely/tpp-code-counts) |
|  | [OpenSAFELY Internal](https://jobs.opensafely.org/opensafely-internal) | [unknown-codes-investigation](https://github.com/opensafely/unknown-codes-investigation) |
|  |  | [vaccination-data-quality](https://github.com/opensafely/vaccination-data-quality) |
| 172 | [Impact and inequalities of winter pressures in primary care: providing the evidence base for mitigation strategies](https://jobs.opensafely.org/impact-and-inequalities-of-winter-pressures-in-primary-care-providing-the-evidence-base-for-mitigation-strategies) | [vaccinesWinterPressures](https://github.com/opensafely/vaccinesWinterPressures) |
| 22 | [Investigating the effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccination programme in the UK](https://jobs.opensafely.org/investigating-the-effectiveness-of-the-covid-19-vaccination-programme-in-the-uk) | [vax-fourth-dose-RD](https://github.com/opensafely/vax-fourth-dose-RD) |
| 136 | [GP appointments during COVID](https://jobs.opensafely.org/gp-appointments-during-covid) | [winter-pressures](https://github.com/opensafely/winter-pressures) |
| 172 | [Impact and inequalities of winter pressures in primary care: providing the evidence base for mitigation strategies](https://jobs.opensafely.org/impact-and-inequalities-of-winter-pressures-in-primary-care-providing-the-evidence-base-for-mitigation-strategies) | [winter_pressures_inequalities](https://github.com/opensafely/winter_pressures_inequalities) |

---

## COMPARES-vaccines

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## ckd-healthcare-use

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## comparative-booster

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## covid-vaccine-history

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## deaths-at-home-covid19

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## disparities-comparison

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## end-of-life-carequality

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## hdruk-os-covid-paeds

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.


## isaric-exploration

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## metformin_covid

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## openprompt-vaccine-long-covid

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.


## post-admission-admissions-research

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.


## post-covid-cvd-methods-redux

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.


## post-covid-gastrointestinal

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.


## post-infection-outcomes

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## prophy_effects_Sotro_Molnup

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## representativeness

**U10** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## tocilizumab_and_sarilumab

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## tpp-code-counts

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.

**U11, U119** - Need for immunization against COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U076) in the HES APCS data. U076 has occurred 2480 times.

**U12, U129** - COVID-19 vaccines causing adverse effects in therapeutic use: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U077) in the HES APCS data. U077 has occurred 8360 times.


## unknown-codes-investigation

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U10, U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## vaccination-data-quality

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## vaccinesWinterPressures

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## vax-fourth-dose-RD

**U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## winter-pressures

**G906** - Causalgia: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but uses the older 2016 code (G564) in HES APCS data. G564 has occurred 1950 times.

**K581, K582, K583, K588** - Irritable bowel syndrome: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, but use the older 2016 codes (K580, K589) in HES APCS data. K580 has occurred 29440 times; K589 has occurred 939660 times.

**U08, U089** - Personal history of COVID-19: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U073) in the HES APCS data. U073 has occurred 1151130 times.

**U09, U099** - Post COVID-19 condition: These codes appear in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but use the older 2016 code (U074) in the HES APCS data. U074 has occurred 39040 times.

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.


## winter_pressures_inequalities

**U109** - Multisystem inflammatory syndrome associated with COVID-19: This code appears in the 2019 edition of ICD10, and in the ONS deaths data, but uses the older 2016 code (U075) in the HES APCS data. U075 has occurred 1050 times.
