README.md, before:

# tpp-code-counts

[View on OpenSAFELY](https://jobs.opensafely.org/repo/https%253A%252F%252Fgithub.com%252Fopensafely%252Ftpp-code-counts)

Details of the purpose and any published outputs from this project can be found at the link above.

The contents of this repository MUST NOT be considered an accurate or valid representation of the study or its purpose. 
This repository may reflect an incomplete or incorrect analysis with no further ongoing work.
The content has ONLY been made public to support the OpenSAFELY [open science and transparency principles](https://www.opensafely.org/about/#contributing-to-best-practice-around-open-science) and to support the sharing of re-usable code for other subsequent users.
No clinical, policy or safety conclusions must be drawn from the contents of this repository.

# About the OpenSAFELY framework

The OpenSAFELY framework is a Trusted Research Environment (TRE) for electronic
health records research in the NHS, with a focus on public accountability and
research quality.

Read more at [OpenSAFELY.org](https://opensafely.org).

# Licences
As standard, research projects have a MIT license.

Commit message:

Enhance README with project description and links
Added a brief description of the project's purpose and link to OpenCodelists.

README.md, after:

# tpp-code-counts

Produces reports on the frequency of clinical codes in the TPP backend of OpenSAFELY to assist with the development of codelists and [the OpenCodelists application](https://www.opencodelists.org/).

[View on OpenSAFELY](https://jobs.opensafely.org/repo/https%253A%252F%252Fgithub.com%252Fopensafely%252Ftpp-code-counts)

Details of the purpose and any published outputs from this project can be found at the link above.

The contents of this repository MUST NOT be considered an accurate or valid representation of the study or its purpose. 
This repository may reflect an incomplete or incorrect analysis with no further ongoing work.
The content has ONLY been made public to support the OpenSAFELY [open science and transparency principles](https://www.opensafely.org/about/#contributing-to-best-practice-around-open-science) and to support the sharing of re-usable code for other subsequent users.
No clinical, policy or safety conclusions must be drawn from the contents of this repository.

# About the OpenSAFELY framework

The OpenSAFELY framework is a Trusted Research Environment (TRE) for electronic
health records research in the NHS, with a focus on public accountability and
research quality.

Read more at [OpenSAFELY.org](https://opensafely.org).

# Licences
As standard, research projects have a MIT license.
